Migrate to typescript (#3)
lukso-network/tools-eip191-signer: README.md

# lsp6-signer.js &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)

<p align="center">
 <h2 align="center"><strong>@lukso/lsp6-signer.js</strong></h2>

>  <p align="center">Helper library to sign a transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <p align="center">Helper library to sign an LSP6 `executeRelayCall` transaction
```

## Setup

```javascript

> import { LSPFactory } from "@lukso/lsp6-signer.js";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { LSP6Signer } from "@lukso/lsp6-signer.js";
```

Reviewer: Noting here for future but this should probably be a default export

const lsp6Signer = new LSP6Signer();
```

## Usage

### Hash a message

```javascript

> const hash = lsp6Signer.hashMessage(message);

Reviewer: noting here for future but we can make these available as static functions too
